Sword of the Samurai / Introduction

The world of Titan has three main continents -
Allansia, Khakabad and Khul, the Dark Continent.
It is on the eastern coast of Khul that the land of
Hachiman lies; the sea on one side and mountains
on all the others cut Hachiman off from the rest of
the continent.
The capital of Hachiman is Konichi and its ruler is
Kihei Hasekawa, the Shogun. You are a young
Samurai, the Shogun's champion, and said by many
to be Kensei or 'Sword Saint'. You have faithfully
followed Bushido, the Way of the Warrior, and area
master of Kenjutsu, the Way of the Sword.
One day the Shogun summons you to his presence
and tells you a dreadful tale:
'Hachiman is in grave danger. My control is slipping
- some lords are seeking to break away and declare
their estates independent; others have already done
so, and plot against me. Bandits roam the land
freely and barbarian invaders have begun to raid
across our borders, knowing that Hachiman is
weak. All this because the Dai-Katana, the great
sword Singing Death, has been stolen from me.
Singing Death is a wondrous sword, said to bestow
great powers on its keeper, and to be the soul of
Hachiman. He who wields Singing Death and uncovers
the secret of the sword will rule Hachiman,'
the Shogun continues. 'Many lords say I now have
no right to rule; some seek to take the sword for
themselves,
others have already changed their
allegiance to he who now holds the sword. And no
keeper could be worse: it is Ikiru, Master of Sha-
dows, that soulless dog who cowers in his mountain
fastness, Onikaru, the Pit of Demons. Now that he
has the sword, Bakemono-Sho and Shikome are
flocking to his banners, and he summons forth
Shura, warrior ghosts, from the pit to aid him. Soon,
if he uncovers the secret of the sword, he will
overrun our beautiful land of cherry blossoms.
You have senki, war spirit, and to you lentrust this
mission. Go, my champion, to Onikaru, slay Ikiru
and bring me Singing Death. It will nut be easy. To
slay Ikiru and to defeat his internal allies you will
have to uncover the secret of Singing Death. I
cannot tell you the secret, for it is written that he
who freely reveals it will be damned for ever to the
nether regions, and Singing Death will disappear
from the world of men. You will have to solve the
puzzle wourself. I will pray to the Kami of the
Heavens for your success, and may Hotei god of
luck smile on you. Here, take this, the Seal of the
Shogun. It will give you safe passage through those
areas still loyal to me.'



1.
You gather your weapons, your katana
and wakizashi, your battle armour
and Provisions. The guards salute you as you leave
the main gate of Konichi. You follow the road north
through the beautiful countryside surrounding the
capital; soon you come to a fork in the road. 
10 - Go west and north, to the Forest of Shadows, Hagakure Bridge 
and on to the Shios'ii Mountains 
29 - Go east, to the ford, through the Mizokumo
Fens and thence to the mountains?

2.
Well, man thing, here is the first riddle:

\n'In marble halls as white as milk,
\nLined with a skin as soft as silk,
\nWithin a fountain crystal-clear,
\nA golden apple doth appear;
\nNo doors are there to this stronghold
\nYet thieves break in and steal the gold.'

The Tatsu stares at you in greedy anticipation.
When you think you have the answer, take each
letter of the answer (don't count words such as 'a' or 'the')
, convert it to its corresponding number in the
alphabet (i.e. a number from 1 to 26)

(F)6 + (I)9 + (R)18 + (E)5 = 38

Enter the Answer: (19 is the correct answer) (EGG)
19 - Correct
26 - Incorrect
If the paragraph you turn to is the wrong one (it
won't make sensel), turn to 26.

3. 
The yellow eyes of the nearest monster show a
gleam of intelligence as you bow in surrender. It
reaches for your sword, which you decide to give it,
since you still have your shorter wakizashi. The
monster then motions you to cross over the ford.
Your katana is the sword with which you are most
skilful. Lose 1 STRENGHT until you find
another katana, or Singing Death itself. You cross
the ford.
-> 245

4. 
You hurtle down the stairs as fast as you can. You
can hear the guards behind you, but their footfalls
stop at the top of the stairs. A laugh echoes down
the stairs, as does the voice of another: 'We shall
never see that one again. The Mukade will see to
that!" You run on, knowing you cannot go back: you
will have to face whatever lies ahead. At the bottom
of the stairs a dank, rough-cut tunnel runs into blackness ahead. Test your luck. Tf you are Lucky,
turn to 16. If you are Unlucky, turn to 38.

5.
Suspicious of whatever caused the old charcoal-
burner's death, you skirt the perimeter of the vil-
lage, but all looks normal and peaceful. Peasants go
about their business, mostly returning home as
dusk falls. Some of the older villagers are gathering
outside the headman's house. 
Ask one of the peasants for hospitality.  (turn to 71)
Join the elders at the headman's house. (turn to 319)?

6.
It is an easy matter to bury yourself in the hay
without the driver noticing. Soon you can hear the
guards questioning him and then the sound of the
great oak doors rumbling open. 
Test your luck. 
-> If Lucky, turn to 14. If Unlucky, turn to 28.

7.
Shielding your head with your wakizashi, you give
ground as a storm of flaming brands sizzle through
the air. One catches on the fastening of your lac-
quered armour, burning you badly.
(lose 2 HEALTH points). -> Check death
You utter a bloodcurdling cry of rage and lop off the fire-wielder's
head with one clean sweep of your katana. You
charge the rest, but they scatter into the woods. You
beat out the flames that are threatening to consume
you. 
You have defended the Shogun's honour add 1 Honor. (Turn to 195)

8.
You are slowly working your way up the mountain-
side when a tingling sensation, like an itch on your
brain, causes you to pull up short. You lookup, and
suddenly an imposing figure stands before you.
Dressed in fine robes and armour of silver and gold,
it is a tall, muscular man-like being. Its face is
handsome to look upon, clean and pure; but it is the
purity of complete evil. Its eyes burn with violet
flame and its whole being radiates power and
malice. It is a Dai-Oni, or greater demon.

"So, mortal, you would seek entry to the domain of
Ikiru, Master of Shadows?' it says, its words tes-
in the wet her othe lose Themust carom
begins to fade, laughing maniacally, the laughter
echoing like thunder all around you.

Suddenly you lind yourself in open space. In every
direction stretch the endless stars, and your mind
reels as you try to take it all in. Then your vision fixes
on the doors, bringing you back from the edge of
madness. You are surrounded by eight doors, one
in each of the walls of an octagonal room; but the
walls, ceiling and Boor are transparent.

Then the voice of the Dai-Oni fills your head. This
place is called the Flub. Behind each door lies some
powerful beast. You must try to win as many of
these creatures over to your cause as you can. They
will then aid you in battle. For, when you are ready,
you will have to face me and my allies in a struggle
to the death at the Place of Battle. If, somehow, you
should triumph, then you may enter the Pit of
Demons and there meet your fate at the hands of
Tkiru. So let it begin, and may fortune desert you
and the blight of a thousand sores be visited upon
you.' The voice fades. It seems you have no choice
but to play the Tourney of the Planes. Each door is
labelled. Which door will you go through first:

-> The Pinnacle of Ultimate Height (Turn to 30)
-> The Elder Plains (Turn to 68)
-> The Mountain of Ineffable Holiness? (Turn to 66)
-> The Endless Sands of Akhon? (Turn to 78)
-> The Swamps of Primordial Mire? (Turn to 98)
-> The Eternal Tower? (Turn to 110)
-> The Enchanted Wood? (Turn to 126)
-> The Place of Battle? (Turn to 138)

9.
Hailing wildly, you fight your way to the village's
edge and then run into the darkness. The Rokuro-
Kubi that remain intact after the savage beating
inflicted on them decide to let you go. You have
survived the Village of the Undead. 
(Add 1 to your LUCK) => Turn to 397

10.
You journey on through the lands of Hachiman.
Wherever you pass, people bow with respect, rec-
ognizing either the Shogun's champion or the Sho-
gun's seal. This close to Konichi the land is as it ever
was, peaceful and happy. After a few days, habi-
tations become more sparse. You are travelling
through the domain of Lord Tsietsin when you
notice a plume of smoke on the horizon. As you
draw near, you can see it is a burning village. You
shake your head sorrowfully at the state Bachiman
is in, when raiders can strike into the heart of one of
the lords territories. A dusty track leads from the
road to the village. 
Investigate the village. (turn to 34)
Decide your mission is too important and press on? (turn to 24)

11.
You tell the elders that you have left some belong-
ings outside the village and that you will return with
them shortly, but they seem unwilling to let you go.
You end up forcing your way past them and walk-
ing behind some houses to avoid their prying eyes,
When out of sight you make for the village's end.
(Turn to 15)


